[WEAPON]
name Proto Sword
stars 0
type 1
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Proto Bomb
stars 0
type 2
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Proto Gun
stars 0
type 1
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Calibur
stars 2
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
mat1 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Tempered Calibur
prereq Calibur
stars 3
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
mat1 green shard
mat2 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Ascended Calibur
prereq Tempered Calibur
stars 4
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 fire_gate
gate3 freeze_gate
mat1 Meteor Mote
mat2 green shard
mat3 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Leviathan Blade
prereq Ascended Calibur
stars 5
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 fire_gate
gate3 freeze_gate
mat1 sun silver
mat2 meteor mote
mat3 green shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Cold Iron Carver
prereq Tempered Calibur
stars 4
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 undead_gate
gate3 shock_gate
mat1 Meteor Mote
mat2 Critter Carapace
mat3 Light Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Cold Iron Vanquisher
prereq Cold Iron Carver
stars 5
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 undead_gate
gate3 shock_gate
mat1 Primal Ore
mat2 Drake Scale
mat3 Gel Drop
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Shard Bomb
stars 2
type 3
gate1 normal_gate
mat1 Red Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Super Shard Bomb
stars 3
type 3
gate1 normal_gate
prereq Shard Bomb
mat1 Blast Powder
mat2 Red Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Heavy Shard Bomb
stars 4
type 3
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
prereq Super Shard Bomb
mat1 Torch Stone
mat2 Blast Powder
mat2 Red Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Deadly Shard Bomb
stars 5
type 3
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
prereq Heavy Shard Bomb
mat1 Flame Soul
mat2 Torch Stone
mat2 Red Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Dark Matter Bomb
stars 2
type 3
gate1 slime_gate
gate2 gremlin_gate
mat1 Dark Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Rock Salt Bomb
stars 3
type 3
gate1 slime_gate
gate2 gremlin_gate
gate3 construct_gate
prereq Dark matter Bomb
mat1 Power Cell
mat2 Dark Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Ionized Salt Bomb
stars 4
type 3
gate1 slime_gate
gate2 gremlin_gate
gate3 construct_gate
prereq Rock Salt Bomb
mat1 Volt Oil
mat2 Power Cell
mat2 Dark Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Shocking Salt Bomb
stars 5
type 3
gate1 slime_gate
gate2 gremlin_gate
gate3 construct_gate
prereq Ionized Salt Bomb
mat1 Storm Chaser
mat2 Volt Oil
mat2 Dark Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Spur
stars 2
type 4
gate1 normal_gate
mat1 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Arc Razor
stars 3
type 4
gate1 normal_gate
prereq Arc Razor
mat1 dark shard
mat2 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Winmillion
stars 4
type 3
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 poison_gate
gate3 fire_gate
prereq Arc Razor
mat1 Red shard
mat2 Dark shard
mat2 Light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Brandish
stars 2
type 1
gate1 normal_gate
mat1 light shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Cautery Sword
type 1
stars 3
gate1 normal_gate
gate2 slime_gate
gate3 freeze_gate
mat1 red shard
mat2 light shard
prereq Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Nightblade
type 1
stars 3
gate1 gremlin_gate
gate2 slime_gate
mat1 soul dust
mat2 brimstone
prereq Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Silent Nightblade
type 2
stars 4
gate1 gremlin_gate
gate2 slime_gate
mat1 Ghost bell
mat2 soul dust
mat3 brimstone
prereq Nightblade
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Acheron
type 2
stars 5
gate1 gremlin_gate
gate2 slime_gate
gate3 normal_gate
mat1 Shadow Steel
mat2 Ghost bell
mat3 soul dust
prereq Silent Nightblade
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Fireburst Brandish
type 1
stars 3
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Blast Powder
mat2 Cooling Cell
prereq Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Blazebrand
type 2
stars 4
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Meteor Mote
mat2 Cooling Cell
mat3 Blast powder
prereq Fireburst Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Combuster
type 2
stars 5
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
gate3 freeze_gate
mat1 Flame Soul
mat2 Torchstone
mat3 Drake Scale
prereq Blazebrand
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Iceburst Brandish
type 1
stars 3
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Blast Powder
mat2 Cooling Cell
prereq Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Blizzbrand
type 2
stars 4
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Meteor Mote
mat2 Cooling Cell
mat3 Blast powder
prereq Iceburst Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Glacius
type 2
stars 5
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
gate3 fire_gate
mat1 Everfrost
mat2 Hailstone
mat3 Drake Scale
prereq Blizzbrand
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Shockburst Brandish
type 1
stars 3
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Power Cell
mat2 Waste Module
prereq Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Boltbrand
type 2
stars 4
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
mat1 Meteor Mote
mat2 Volt Oil
mat3 Power Cell
prereq Shockburst Brandish
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Voltedge
type 2
stars 5
gate1 construct_gate
gate2 undead_gate
gate3 poison_gate
mat1 Storm Chaser
mat2 Volt Oil
mat3 Drake Scale
prereq Shockbrand
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Splinter Bomb
stars 2
type 3
gate1 beast_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
mat1 Light Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Sun Shards
stars 3
type 3
gate1 beast_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
gate3 undead_gate
prereq Splinter Bomb
mat1 Brimstone
mat2 Light Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Radiant Sun Shards
stars 4
type 3
gate1 beast_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
gate3 undead_gate
prereq Sun Shards
mat1 Ironwood
mat2 Brimstone
mat3 Light Shard
[END]
[WEAPON]
name Scintilating Sun Shards
stars 5
type 3
gate1 beast_gate
gate2 fiend_gate
gate3 undead_gate
prereq Radiant Sun Shards
mat1 Sun Steel
mat2 Ironwood
mat3 Light Shard
[END]